readme.md, before:

# Ginger #
Ginger is a minimal flexbox 12 column grid system named after a cute dog. It doesn't give
you any fancy extras like some other frameworks, but what it does give you is a
solid lightweight grid system to make developing and designing your next site
easy and quick.

## Installing Ginger ##
Currently, there is only this repository. In the near future you will be able to
use both bower and npm.

## Using Ginger ##
Ginger is rather easy to use. A basic structure of one column spans 12 columns
would look similar to this:
```html
<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-12">
      ...
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```
Or if you wanted two columns that span 6 each:
```html
<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-6">
      ...
    </div>
    <div class="col-6">
      ...
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```
Ginger requires that you always use a `container` element to hold your `row` and
columns and you must have a `row` element that holds your columns.

## Class Names ##
I kept Ginger very simple. Adding `col-*` will give you an element spanning
however many columns indicated. So to add an element spanning 6 columns I would
use:
```html
<div class="col-6">
```
### Miscellaneous Classes ###
* `col-centered` - using this will center your element in the row
* `col-right` - using this will push your element to the far right of the row

## Responsiveness ##
Ginger is mobile responsive. By default, all columns break to 100% at the defined
mobile breakpoint.

## Extras ##
Ginger has a few extras to make life easy, because life is already too hard.

### Text Classes ###
There are three text classes if you wish to use them for text alignment. Adding
`text-left`,  `text-center`, or `text-right` will align your text accordingly.

### Element Sizing ###
Adding a class of `stretch` to your column will allow that element to stretch
to the height of its siblings.

## Adjusting Default Settings ##
Adjusting the settings for Ginger allows you to customize the max-width of rows,
column padding, or mobile breakpoint. If you are going to adjust the settings it
is best to make a copy of the file and include it in your project compilation
process to avoid any settings being overwritten in the event of a Ginger update.

For instance, if I had a stylesheet called `theme.scss` using Ginger with custom
settings it would look something like this:
```scss
// vendor files
@import 'scss/_settings.scss';
@import 'ginger/ginger';
```
Or if you installed Ginger with bower (bower package coming soon), it would look
something like this:
```scss
// vendor files
@import 'scss/_settings.scss';
@import 'bower_components/ginger/ginger';
```
## Issues / Bugs / Contributions ##
If you have feedback, find a bug, or want to make contributions, please don't
hesitate to open an issue or make a pull request.

Commit message:

Updates readme to reflect package managers

readme.md, after:

# Ginger #
Ginger is a minimal flexbox 12 column grid system named after a cute dog. It doesn't give
you any fancy extras like some other frameworks, but what it does give you is a
solid lightweight grid system to make developing and designing your next site
easy and quick.

## Installing Ginger ##
There are three ways to install Ginger.
1. Clone the repository or download the files to your project
2. Install via bower using `bower install ginger --save`
3. Install via npm using `npm install ginger-grid --save`

## Using Ginger ##
Ginger is rather easy to use. A basic structure of one column spans 12 columns
would look similar to this:
```html
<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-12">
      ...
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```
Or if you wanted two columns that span 6 each:
```html
<div class="container">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-6">
      ...
    </div>
    <div class="col-6">
      ...
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```
Ginger requires that you always use a `container` element to hold your `row` and
columns and you must have a `row` element that holds your columns.

## Class Names ##
I kept Ginger very simple. Adding `col-*` will give you an element spanning
however many columns indicated. So to add an element spanning 6 columns I would
use:
```html
<div class="col-6">
```
### Miscellaneous Classes ###
* `col-centered` - using this will center your element in the row
* `col-right` - using this will push your element to the far right of the row

## Responsiveness ##
Ginger is mobile responsive. By default, all columns break to 100% at the defined
mobile breakpoint.

## Extras ##
Ginger has a few extras to make life easy, because life is already too hard.

### Text Classes ###
There are three text classes if you wish to use them for text alignment. Adding
`text-left`,  `text-center`, or `text-right` will align your text accordingly.

### Element Sizing ###
Adding a class of `stretch` to your column will allow that element to stretch
to the height of its siblings.

## Adjusting Default Settings ##
Adjusting the settings for Ginger allows you to customize the max-width of rows,
column padding, or mobile breakpoint. If you are going to adjust the settings it
is best to make a copy of the file and include it in your project compilation
process to avoid any settings being overwritten in the event of a Ginger update.

For instance, if I had a stylesheet called `theme.scss` using Ginger with custom
settings it would look something like this:
```scss
// vendor files
@import 'scss/_settings.scss';
@import 'ginger/ginger';
```
Or if you installed Ginger with bower, it would look something like this:
```scss
// vendor files
@import 'scss/_settings.scss';
@import 'bower_components/ginger/ginger';
```
## Issues / Bugs / Contributions ##
If you have feedback, find a bug, or want to make contributions, please don't
hesitate to open an issue or make a pull request.
